  There has been important experimental progress in the sector of heavy baryons
in the past several years. We study the strong decays of the S-wave, P-wave,
D-wave and radially excited charmed baryons using the <tag name="MATH" value="start"/>$^3P_0$ model<tag name="MATH" value="end"/>. After
comparing the calculated decay pattern and total width with the available data,
we discuss the possible internal structure and quantum numbers of those charmed
baryons observed recently.
  A fully differential calculation in perturbative quantum chromodynamics is
presented for the production of massive photon pairs at hadron colliders. All
next-to-leading order perturbative contributions from quark-antiquark,
gluon-(anti)quark, and gluon-gluon subprocesses are included, as well as
all-orders resummation of initial-state gluon radiation valid at
next-to-next-to-leading logarithmic accuracy. The region of phase space is
specified in which the calculation is most reliable. Good agreement is
demonstrated with data from the Fermilab Tevatron, and predictions are made for
more detailed tests with CDF and DO data. Predictions are shown for
distributions of diphoton pairs produced at the energy of the Large Hadron
Collider (LHC). Distributions of the diphoton pairs from the decay of a Higgs
boson are contrasted with those produced from QCD processes at the LHC, showing
that enhanced sensitivity to the signal can be obtained with judicious
selection of events.
  The shape of the hadronic form factor f+(q2) in the decay D0 --> K- e+ nue
has been measured in a model independent analysis and compared with theoretical
calculations. We use 75 fb(-1) of data recorded by the BABAR detector at the
PEPII electron-positron collider. The corresponding decay branching fraction,
relative to the decay D0 --> K- pi+, has also been measured to be RD = BR(D0
--> K- e+ nue)/BR(D0 --> K- pi+) = 0.927 +/- 0.007 +/- 0.012. From these
results, and using the present world average value for BR(D0 --> K- pi+), the
normalization of the form factor at q2=0 is determined to be f+(0)=0.727 +/-
0.007 +/- 0.005 +/- 0.007 where the uncertainties are statistical, systematic,
and from external inputs, respectively.
  The goal of this paper is to construct invariant dynamical objects for a (not
necessarily invertible) smooth self map of a compact manifold. We prove a
result that takes advantage of differences in rates of expansion in the terms
of a sheaf cohomological long exact sequence to create unique lifts of finite
dimensional invariant subspaces of one term of the sequence to invariant
subspaces of the preceding term. This allows us to take invariant cohomological
classes and under the right circumstances construct unique currents of a given
type, including unique measures of a given type, that represent those classes
and are invariant under pullback. A dynamically interesting self map may have a
plethora of invariant measures, so the uniquess of the constructed currents is
important. It means that if local growth is not too big compared to the growth
rate of the cohomological class then the expanding cohomological class gives
sufficient "marching orders" to the system to prohibit the formation of any
other such invariant current of the same type (say from some local dynamical
subsystem). Because we use subsheaves of the sheaf of currents we give
conditions under which a subsheaf will have the same cohomology as the sheaf
containing it. Using a smoothing argument this allows us to show that the sheaf
cohomology of the currents under consideration can be canonically identified
with the deRham cohomology groups. Our main theorem can be applied in both the
smooth and holomorphic setting.
